DOCS-3470 added instructions for approving and deleting access (#304)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/remove-client-app-latest-task.adoc

= Revoke and Delete API Contracts
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> As the Organization Administrator of the master organization, you can revoke or delete a contract granting an application access to your API. When you revoke a contract, you can restore the contract at any time. 

Reviewer: > you can revoke or delete a contract granting an application access to your API
This may be misleading. If you are Revoking and Deleting the contract it is not granting access to the API, it is blocking it's access.

Author: As the Organization Administrator of the master organization, you can revoke or delete a contract that is granting an application access to your API. When you revoke a contract, you can restore the contract at any time.

Author: As the Organization Administrator of the master organization, you can revoke or delete a contract that is providing an application access to your API. When you revoke a contract, you can restore the contract at any time.

> Deleting a contract deletes the approved contract from Anypoint Exchange. Before you delete a contract, you must first revoke it. 

Reviewer: > Deleting a contract deletes the approved contract.
The user cannot delete an approved contract.

```suggestion
Revoking a contract blocks the Client Application from accessing the API. Once revoked, a contract could be restored or deleted.
```

Author: Done! Thanks

To delete a contract with an application:

. In API Manager, click *API Administration*.
. Click the name of the API instance for which you want to revoke access.

> . Click the `<api version>:<api instance>` link, for example, `v1:16046365`. 

Reviewer: Same as above. If the API Instance has a Label, then the label is shown.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> = Revoke API Instance Contracts

Reviewer 2: Would it be more accurate to use...
```suggestion
= Revoke API Access
```
OR, more precise to the actual task as introduced
```suggestion
= Revoke and Delete a Contract
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> As the Organization Administrator of the master organization, you can revoke and delete an application to which you previously gave access to your API. 

Reviewer 2: Later text makes clear that the tasks here are revoking and deleting the contracts, not the applications granted access by the contracts....
```suggestion
As the Organization Administrator of the master organization, you can revoke and delete a contract granting an application access to your API. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Before you delete a contract, you must first revoke it. Deleting a contract deletes any granted access to that contract from Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer 2: The previous sentence "revokes access" and "deletes that application," but this one changes that to "delete a contract" and "revoke a contract". Reword this entire topic to use the same terms consistently, clarifying exactly what is being deleted or revoked.

Author: Done! Thanks!

To delete a contract with an application:

> . In API Manager, click *Client Applications*.

Reviewer: Same as above. Journey for the rest of the steps should begin in "API Administration"

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Click the API Name of the API instance that you need to access. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the name of the API instance for which you want to revoke access. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Click the `<api version>:<api instance>` link, for example, "v1:16046365". 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the `<api version>:<api instance>` link, for example, `v1:16046365`. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. From the configuration page for the API instance, click *Contracts* from the left menu.

> .

Reviewer 2: Why is this linespace formatted as a step?
```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . For the application for which you want to revoke access, click *Revoke*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. For the application for which you want to revoke access, click *Revoke*:
```
colon points to illustration/example

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
image:revoke-access-to-api.png[Delete API Request]
+

> The *Restore* and *Delete* options now appear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Restore* and *Delete* options appear:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
